I
give me your hands
I don't even do this anymore your
brother I'm telling he's right he's
really for you even me are you doing
this for a while had an office a website
newspaper articles even had a book
written about him
that's what I couldn't cope no honest I
asked you a question
the job I had before was as a psychic
what do you think happens when we die I
recognize you you're that psychic I have
news for you I don't do it
I'll give you my word I won't tell
anyone give a duty to do if you ever
give it's not a gift belly it's a curse
I think you experienced that
everything I had I lost
if you're worried about being on your
own don't be you're not
hereafter